{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang16393{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset1 ??;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\b\f0\fs36\lang9 WHAT IS WORDPRESS??\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\f1\fs32\lang16393 WordPress\b0  is an online, open source website creation tool written in PHP. But in non-geek speak, it's probably the easiest and most powerful blogging and website content management system (or CMS i.e. website Content Management System) in existence today.\f2\lang1033 WordPress can be downloaded for self-hosted installations from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wordpress.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul WordPress.org}}}}\f2\fs32  or it can also be used as a hosted service via {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wordpress.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul WordPress.com}}}}\f2\fs32 .\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\b DEVELOPMENT MODEL\f1\lang16393\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f2 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf2\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\keepn\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\f2\fs36\lang1033 Key developers\par

\pard\sb100\sa100 {\b0\fs32{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "/wiki/Matt_Mullenweg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul Matt Mullenweg}}}}\b0\f2\fs32  and {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "/wiki/Mike_Little"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul Mike Little}}}}\f2\fs32  were cofounders of the project. \par
WordPress is also developed by its community, including \i WP testers\i0 , a group of volunteers who test each release. Errors are documented in a special {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "/wiki/Mailing_list"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul mailing list}}}}\f2\fs32 , or the project's {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "/wiki/Trac"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul Trac}}}}\f2\fs32  tool. \par

\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 2\fs36 .Support\fs28\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\fs32 WordPress' primary support website is WordPress.org.\par
\b\fs36 3.\fs40 wordpress\fs36  development methodology:\fs32  AGILE DEVELOPMENT METHODOLOGY: \b0 Wordpress uses agile development model.Agile SDLC model is a combination of iterative and incremental process models with focus on process adaptability and customer satisfaction by rapid delivery of working software product.\par
Agile Methods break the product into small incremental builds. These builds are provided in iterations. Each iteration typically lasts from about one to three weeks. Every iteration involves cross functional teams working simultaneously on various areas like planning, requirements analysis, design, coding, unit testing, and acceptance testing.\par
At the end of the iteration a working product is displayed to the customer and important stakeholders.\par

\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 4.Why Agile for WordPress?\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\b0 WordPress has a \b fast release cycle\b0  \f3\endash\f2  you can expect a new version, with new features at least twice, perhaps three times, a year. That means that the documentation changes regularly. One major change, such as the new menu feature in WordPress 3.0 or the new media uploader in 3.5, affects products across the ecosystem. WordPress themes and plugins that rely on WordPress features will also need to have their docs updated. WordPress themes often have fast release cycles, and plugin developers are forever adding new features\fs40 .\fs32 If while working with a client on a major documentation project, they change how the framework works when you are about to finish, then that means that large swathes of the documentation are no longer relevant. That\rquote s a waste of my time and the client\rquote s money.\par
\b 5.Conclusion\b0 - Wordpress follows an Agile develepmont methodology.Taking an agile approach helps it to follow a fast-release cycle and fulfill the user's expectations. In fact, it\rquote s the only way to work in the speedy world of WordPress.\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\b\fs36 LICENSING MODEL\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f2 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf2\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\b0 Like most software, WordPress is distributed under a license, which means there are certain things that you are legally permitted (and not permitted) to do with WordPress software and source code\fs48 .\fs36 WordPress is licensed under the GNU {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul General Public License}}}}\f2\fs36  (GPL), version 2. The text of version 2 of the GPL has accompanied every release of WordPress since its inception, in the license.txt file included in each download.\par
{\pntext\f2 2.\tab}This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\line it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\line the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\line (at your option) any later version.\par
{\pntext\f2 3.\tab}Wherever third party code has been used, credit has been given in the code\rquote s\line comments.\par
{\pntext\f2 4.\tab}About the license:\fs32\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\b Copying and distribution\b0 : You may copy and distribute the program as long as you comply with some copyright notice and disclaimer requirements. \fs24\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\b\fs32 Modifications / derivative works\b0 : You may modify the Program or any part of it and distribute the modifications or new work as long as modified files contain notices regarding the existence and date of changes.\fs24\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\b\fs32 Termination\b0 : If you copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program other than as permitted, your rights under the GPL will terminate automatically. \fs24\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\fs32    5.Conclusion: Wordpress is licensed under GNU general public license.A super-condensed summary would be along these lines: you can copy and distribute the program, you can charge a fee for transferring the program or providing warranty protection, and you can modify the program and distribute your resulting derivative work. But, if you distribute your derivative work, you need to license it under the GPL, otherwise your licence to use the program will terminate (and you\rquote ll be infringing copyright in the program). \par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\b\fs44 Mode of Funding\b0\fs32\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\kerning2\f1 1. Web Hosting \f4\endash\f1  WordPress offers web hosting services to big brands like WSJ\f4\rquote\f1 s All Things D, CNN, TechCrunch, Time.com and more. The pricing for WordPress VIP Hosting starts at $15,000 per month.\par
2. Google AdSense\f4\endash\f1  Free blogs hosted on WordPress.com may sometimes carry Google AdSense ads and the ad revenue goes to WordPress.\par
3. WordPress themes \f4\endash\f1  The WordPress themes directory offers premium themes that cost anywhere between $50 and $100. These GPL compatible themes are developed by third-party WordPress developers and Automattic gets a commission per sale.\par
4. Premium Accounts \f4\endash\f1  While anyone can host a blog on WordPress.com for free, they charge you a fixed fee if you want to buy additional storage space for your multimedia files.\par
 5. Web Host Referrals \f4\endash\f1  WordPress.org suggests of list of third-party web hosting companies where you may self-host your WordPress blog(s) for a fee. Now all these are referral links so Automattic gets a commission per sale.\par
6. WordPress Support \f4\endash\f1  If you need help with WordPress (or WordPress MU) but the free support forums aren\f4\rquote\f1 t solving the purpose, consider subscribing to the Support Network of Automattic. The WordPress development team will help you solve problems related to your WordPress system and the response time can be as low as 6 hours. This service is primarily for Enterprise users who are willing to shell out a $2.5-5k per year for support.\par
7.Guided Transfers \f4\endash\f1  If you wish to move your blog from WordPress.com to WordPress.org, Automattic offers a service called Guided Transfers to help you with the transfer. They charge a one-time $119 fee for the transfer.\par
8.VaultPress \f4\endash\f1  Should you wish to automatically backup your WordPress blog to the cloud, the VaultPress service from Automattic can help. With packages starting at $15 per month, they will backup your WordPress blog in real-time and will also notify you of potential security issues.\par
10. VideoPress \f4\endash\f1  The VideoPress plugin for WordPress lets you host videos and audio files on your own website. There are no limits on bandwidth or duration of videos, the videos are served without ads and it supports HD playback as well. Starts at $60 per year.\par
11. Automattic Kismet \f4\endash\f1  You don\f4\rquote\f1 t often see spam in your blog posts because it all gets filtered by Automattic Kismet (Akismet for short), the excellent spam protection plug-in available for WordPress.\par

\pard\sb100\sa100 CONCLUSION-\kerning0\f2 In short, Automattic makes \b money\b0  on \b WordPress\b0 .com by selling advertising on your free sites. ... They sell \b WordPress\b0  products or services (custom plugins, themes, web development, consulting, etc.) They work for a company that sell \b WordPress\b0  products or services.\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\b\fs36 COMMERCIAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL PURPOSES:\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f2 A.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf2\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnucltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100  COMMERCIAL PURPOSES:\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\b0 Woocommerce is an extension of Wordpress.WooCommerce is a free eCommerce plugin that allows you to sell anything, beautifully.WooCommerce is the world\rquote s favorite eCommerce solution that gives both store owners and developers complete control.With Wordpress Woocommerce you can:\par

\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100 1.\b Sell anything, anywhere\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\b0 With WooCommerce, you can sell both physical and digital goods in all shapes and sizes.\par

\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100 2.\b Ship wherever you like\par
\b0 3\fs48 .\b\fs36 You control it all -- forever\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\b0 WooCommerce gives you complete control of your store, from taxes to stock levels to customer accounts. Add and remove extensions, change your design, and switch settings as you please. It\rquote s all under your control.\par

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 4\fs44 .{\f1\fs32\lang16393{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wappalyzer.com/categories/cms"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul WordPress is the best content management system out here}}}}\f1\fs32\lang16393  and is far ahead of its competitors, Joomla and Drupal. It is leading the market with 67% of the total number of sites that use a CMS.\par
Even if at first WordPress was just a blogging platform, it became very complex during this time and you can use it to create and manage {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.codeinwp.com/blog/pages-wordpress-site-needs/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul any kind of website}}}}\f1\fs32 , including ecommerce. So, in the same time, you can create an online shop and use the site for something else as well. Magento, Shopify, and OpenCart are only made for ecommerce, so you can\rquote t run a multipurpose site on them.\par
On the other hand, WordPress lets you have an overall control over your site. Besides the fact that you can combine your online store with any other purpose, such as blogs, portfolios, corporate pages, etc., it provides lots of (and I mean thousands) plugins, tools, themes, and integrations with plenty of modern online services. WordPress is compatible with almost anything on the web. And, depending on your budget, there are free, premium, and cheap premium services everywhere. So, there\rquote s a big variety of tools and prices to fit anyone\rquote s pockets and tastes.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 CONCLUSION:Whilst each of WooCommerce\rquote s direct competitors exceed at something, but lack other important features, WordPress kind of has it all: open-source CMS, total control over your site, plenty of free and paid services, intuitive interface for beginners and possibility of development for the advanced, the option to make a multipurpose site (with online shop included), prices for all budgets, and other great stuff that\rquote s barely waiting to be explored.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b B.NON-COMMERCIAL\b0\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\f2\fs36\lang1033 Wordpress is also used non-commercially:\par
1.you can create your personal blog for practicing your interests.\par
2.You can also create private blogs which no one is allowed to read just for keeping your private things safe.\par
3.educational purposes:The presence of WordPress has grown in the education sector over recent years.\par
There are multiple reasons for this, but some of the main reasons are because it is flexible and easy for administrators (teachers) to use.\par
Today it is used to deliver courses, quizzes, points, certificates, assignments, and much more. Entire course interactions can take place online adding a blended learning approach to the content.\par
The adaptability of WordPress, particularly with plugins, is one reason why we see it used so often in education.\par
CONCLUSION: hence wordpress can be used for commercial purposes by creating your own e-commerce websites on woocommerce(an extension of wordpress).\par
It can be used for non-commercially for creating your personal/private blogs and for educational purposes.\par
\fs48\par
\fs36\par
\par

\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs24\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\fs36\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\b\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\kerning2\b0\f1\fs32\par
\fs48\par
\par
\par
\fs96\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\kerning0\f2\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\fs32  \par
\fs36\par
\fs48\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\fs72\par
\fs48\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\b\par

\pard\sb100\sa100  \par
\b0\fs44\par
\par
\fs32\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\fs40\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b\f1\lang16393\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs32\lang9\par
}
 